Add clarification to redirects.md (#683)
elastic/docs-builder: docs/contribute/redirects.md

Redirects allow you to force other documentation sets to resolve old links to their new location.
This allows you to publish your changes and work to update the other documentation sets.

:::{note}
The source and target URLs must both be within Elastic Docs V3.

> You cannot use this process to redirect to our API docs site, for example.

Author: ```suggestion
You cannot use this process to redirect to [API docs](https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/), for example.
```
